CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
super auto parking

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

My program is intended to help small parking lots automate their business. 
In South America, it is still common to find that these businesses are still 
keeping manual control. Some may still deliver a printed coupon with your vehicle 
license plate and parked hour. Therefore, at the vehicle's retrieval, someone will
manually calculate the payment amount. 
With this program, these businesses may obtain better and more precise control of 
parked vehicles, more precise control how long a vehicle has stayed, more accurate 
debt value, and possibly a report of their monthly net incoming or even parked vehicles.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I'm going to learn how to connect my Python application with databases, more specifically
Firebase or Firestore. Also, I'll learn to create a GUI for my Python applications. 
Furthermore, how to use stored data to deliver meaningful information.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
datetime, tkinter, json, math, csv, firebase_admin / firebase (3rd party module available at PyPI).

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

Surely I will. Inspired by the MVC model, my program is intended to isolate the user interface 
and its interactions from data operations. Nevertheless, because of its low complexity level, 
the model and controllers may be integrated at the same level. 

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

Yes, especially one for payments calculations, license plate validator, and, if possible, 
that my database operations are receiving the expected server's response (special attention 
will be given to updating operations).